4.0.1 Release notes (#1474)
dotnet/SqlClient: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

> ## [Hotfix & Stable release 4.0.1] - 2022-01-14

Author: This is a hotfix stable release. why are we taking the Hotfix out? I checked with previous hotfix release and they had the very same title

> ## [Hotfix & Stable release 4.0.1] - 2022-01-14

Reviewer: They're old fashion naming. I don't believe we've used it recently! Could you link me to the file you checked?

> ## [Hotfix & Stable release 4.0.1] - 2022-01-14

Author: If you search change logs or release notes for hot fixes you can see that.

### Added

> AppContext switch `SuppressInsecureTLSWarning` is added to make users to be able to supress TLS security warning while `Encrypt=false` on connection string. [#1457](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1457) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AppContext switch `SuppressInsecureTLSWarning` is added to make users to be able to suppress TLS security warning while `Encrypt=false` on connection string. [#1457](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1457) 
```

Reviewer 3: "
```suggestion
Added AppContext switch `SuppressInsecureTLSWarning` to allow suppression of TLS security warning when using `Encrypt=false` in the connection string. [#1457](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1457) 
```

Reviewer 3: Please review my suggestion.

### Fixed

> - Fixed the issue with Kerberos authentication using NET 6. [#1411](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1411)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Fixed the issue with Kerberos authentication using .NET 6. [#1411](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1411)
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed Kerberos authentication failure when using .NET 6. [#1411](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1411)
```

Reviewer 3: Please review my suggestion.

> - Fixed the issue with `SqlLocalDB` instance pipe name. [#1433](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1433)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed connection failure when using `SqlLocalDB` instance pipe name. [#1433](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1433)
```

> - Fixed the issue with enclave providers not being thread safe. [#1451](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1451)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed a failure when executing concurrent queries requiring enclaves. [#1451](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1451)
```

> - Updated obsolete API calls targeting NET6. [#1401](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1401)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Updated obsolete API calls targeting .NET 6. [#1401](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1401)
```
